The Project page.

The Projects page is written in such a way that you shouldn't have to think about it. Just copy everythingthat exists for a given project, modify the filepaths for images and the names to match existing conventions, and everything should be dandy.

However, things don't always go dandy. And you may want to upgrade or port or modify this document in the future. The Javascript is relatively simple, and is included in a few lines at the bottom of the page. Here's how it works:

The CSS marks the project-box class, which is the full screen displays you get when you click on any
given project's associated project-mini-box, as hidden. So, on screen load, everything in the 'projects' div effectively doesn't exist. 

On page load, everything is hidden until velocity reveals items which have the 'enter' class. (On the other hand, elements with the 'leave' class cause items with the 'enter' class to reverse animate.)

items with the 'project-mini-box' class have click event listeners associated with them, so that all project-mini-boxes go through a fade-out transition, and then whatever text is in the 'project-title' class' .innterHTML is taken, and special characters that are not alphanumeric (like apostrophes, or unicode characters) are replaced with an underscore, spaces are replaced with hyphens, and then the result (after capitalizing the whole thing) is the expected class that corresponds with a 'project-box' that will then be revealed via an animation.

As a result, multiple projects with only differentiations of which special characters or capitalizations will collide and cause a bug. This is accepted. The odds of this are highly unlikely, and can be dealt with as necessary, if necessary. :)

Also, make sure to name your classes appropriately.

Going back to clicking on a minibox... at the same time, a listener is assigned to the back arrow so that when clicked, the current project slides out, and all 'project-mini-box' divs slide in.

Another comment: note that for the miniboxes, their offset is different for every other project. Projects on the left side of the page have an offset of 0, while projects on the right have an offset of 2 (to create space between the left and right columns). Adding a new project to the top usually means inverting all of the offsets for col-md.
